Copyright (C) 2012 cloudbase.io
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2, as published by
the Free Software Foundation.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307, USA.

CBHelper-BlackBerryJDK
================

The cloudbase.io helper class for BlackBerry JDK

To run the demo application register at http://cloudbase.io and create an application. Enter the
application code, secret code and password generated by cloudbase.io for the new app in the settings screen.

This repository contains an eclipse workspace with two projects:
- CBHelper - the actual cloudbase.io helper class. This can either compile to a jar file or be included as a project in your application's workspace
- CBHelperDemo - this is the cloudbase.io demo application and it depends on the jar file produced by the helper class project

For the demo application to compile and run correctly you will need to make sure that the library is included:
 1. Right click on the project once you have imported it in the workspace and click properties
 2. Next in the "Java Build Path" section select either the "Libraries" tab and import CBHelper as a jar or in the "Projects" tab